# Christians and Love

This past year has been hard. I feel emotionally drained and discouraged in ways that I have never felt before. The people that I thought I knew and trusted have not been the people that have actually show care and concern. With a few exceptions, the people of our church and Christian friends have not been the ones who have cared about us. In fact, many of them have not reached out or even asked how we are doing. The people who have been most hurtful to us have not been "godless liberals" but Christians with whom we thought we shared so much in common.

I am still a Christian. My core beliefs about God - about how Christ humbled himself, suffered, died, and rose again to atone for my sin - have not changed. However, I have found that the particular brand of Christianity that I have found myself in is not where I belong. I do not belong with the people who, when faced with the opportunity to inconvenience themselves for the sake of people like my wife and my son, refuse because they want to protect their individual autonomous rights. I do not belong with people who believe that it is our duty to help God save our country by throwing our support behind someone that the world looks upon in disgust. I do not belong with people who speak of God's grace as being freely given to only those who can follow a certain set of man-made rules. I do not belong with those who believe that my wife's only value comes through how happily she submits to my rule. I do not belong with people who refuse to condemn actions that are literally killing people daily and keeping others in generations of poverty because "racism is way overblown". I do not belong with people who make up their minds before honestly listening to anyone that they disagree with.

I have noticed how the ideas of individual responsibility, efficacy of individual action, and individual accountability are largely appealing to the affluent and not the marginalized. When my understanding of my responsibility before God and others is shaped by an understanding where I am the primary actor, things become much simpler. The problem is that this is not a Christian idea. However, if we are to care about a Gospel that is for "all people" and adhere to a law that can be summed up in the commands, "Love God, and love one another", then we cannot peddle a message that reinforces the power of the powerful, the comfort of the comfortable, or the affluence of the affluent. The Gospel has always
